MEDICAL UNION NUMBER SIX

was the right kind ol stuff in you. Ι
think, on general principles it would
have been better to wait a little before
eleeting you a riding delegato· but the
clamor became so strong that we could
not resist it. ’' ¹

“Am I a riding delegate?'' Ι asked. .

“That is why I congratulated you,”
said he. “ It was a sure thing alter the
last attack upon you. Any man who
could get up such a disturbance as you
have, is certainly worthy of promotion
in a union.”

The next step taken by the riding dele·
gates was to order a general strike‚
every physician to lay aside his medicine
case and every surgeon his scalpel. Dr.
O'Brien said to me:

“Schneider‚ we will have about two
weeks’ vacation. Then the people will
come to us on their very knees, and beg
lor the strike to be declared off, ’'

Imagine our surprise when sentiment
against the union became stronger than
ever. The public ignored us altogether.
They said ¹they would haye none of us,
even though they all died. The situa-
tion certainly did look critical, when,

after three· months of the strike‚ sta-¹
55

 

