MEDICAL UNION NUMBER slx

allowed to practice at all had never oc·
curred to me. The proposition now ap-
peared quite different. Would I be ad-

. mitted to the union, or, if not, would 1

be allowed to practice as a non-union
doctor? That troubled me much.
Alter so many years of enlorced idle·
ness I was naturally anxious to get to
work at once, and accordingly, the day
after I landed I began looking about lor
something to do. The lact that l pos·
sessed very little cash undoubtedly had
much to do with my desire to find work
immediately, just as it discouraged me
from attempting to enter upon my pro·
lession for the present. As I was walk-
ing through Forty·second Street, the
principal business thoroughfare ol the
city, my eyes fell on a neat sign which
bore the inscription, “Central Office ol
Riding Delegates, Medical Union Num·
- ber Six.’' Without pausing to consider,
upon the impulse ol the, moment, Ι-
walked in, and asked to see one ol the

riding delegates. I was at once shown

into Dr. Michael O’Brien's office.

Dr. O’Brien greeted me with chilling
reserve. He wasa short, thick-set man
with broad shoulderS, above which was

10

 

