MEDICAL UNION NUMBER SlX

perched a very large head; the neck
being short gave the head the appearance
oi having, been driven downward upon
its support. His brow projected‚ mak-
ing his eyes deep set, a characteristic
that was accentuated by the shading ol
the heavy eyelashes. His lorehead was
lull and high, and his iace, as well as
his body, gave abundant evidence ol
strength.

“Well, '⁹ said he, taking a cursory sur·
vey oi me, “what can 1 do ior you?”

“I am a doctor,'’ I replied‚ “out oi
practice ior a time, but am willing to
work, and work hard, to fit mysell for
duty, if you will give me a chance. '⁹

“The first thinglshould advise you to
d0‚'’ said he, “is to get a suit ol clothes
that will fit you; and then have your
whiskers trimmed and hair cut. Excuse
me, sir, but I should take you ior the
wild man oi Borneo, rather than a
doctor.’'

“The accuracy ol your observation
does you ·credit‚” 1 replied. “For
thirty years I was a wild menon an un·
known island in that part ol the world

in which Borneo is located. ''
“Really‚’' said Dr. O'Brien, with a

11

 

