MEDICAL UNION NUMBER slx

know what it is to have the sweet kiss
of pure love from a child you have given
life to? Did you ever have a child suf·
fering or irightened give you an appeal-
ing look lor reliel and for protectioni
Did you ever feel your paternal heart·
stringo torn by the agony and suffering
of one dearer to you tlran lile itself?
Look at my boy, my darling Georgie‚ as
he is suffering, struggling lor lile.
Doesn't the sight pierce your heart?
Doesn’t it bring up to you what might
happen in your lamily, and doesn’t it
stir the humanity within you enough to
move you to take the consequences, to
try and save him?”

It was not a pleasant situation. 1
realized I was in danger, and that my
first great trial as a union man was at
hand. Should I be loyal to the union,
and consequently loyal to my own inter·
ests, or should I follow the dictates ol
conscience, the greatest oi all sins
againstaunion? The struggle was only

momentary. Ithought ol my oath. 1
thought ol my present prosperous con· ·
dition. I had a vision of going into the
country and cracking stone, as Dr.

34

 

