MEDICAL UNION NUMBER slx

“Do you not have trouble in control·
ling all the doctors‚ and keeping them in
the union?'' 1 asked.

“Not at all,'’ replied Dr. O'Brien.
“You see we control the output of doc-
tots. We allow only enough licensed to
practice to fill the places we have. '¹ ·

“But suppose one should break away

from the union, and set up on his own

account?” 1 asked.
“‘That situation could be handled in

many ways,'' said Dr. O’Brien. “For
instance, no person who had once em·
ployed a non-union doctor could ever
have a union man treat him until he had
paid into the treasury of this union the
sums that would have been paid as lees
lor attendance had a union man been .
called, plusuroofine. Inthenextplaoe‚ ’
no clergyman would officiate at the
funeral where a non-union doctor had
been in attendance, so one would have to
be pretty sure not to die under a non·
union man if he wanted a Christian
burial. There has always been a great
bond oi sympathy between clergymen
and physicians, and this now finds ex·
pression in a very practica! way by
sympathetic strikes. While these and

 

