MEDICAL UNION NUMBER SlX

fromeA.M.t08P.M.wi11beincreased
lrom 810, present rate, to 815 per call,
and lrom 8 Ρ. Μ. to 8 Α. Μ. from 820,
present rate, to 830 per eall. Further·
more, it has corne to the knowledge oi
the undersigned that many fandlies, in
attempts to economize, are dispensing
with the use oi the physician, prescribing
remedies and performing cures in their
own way. Before any so discovered
can thereaiter on any occasion have the
attendance ol a physician they will be
obliged to pay the regular fee which
would have accrued to the Union's
attendant, and will in addition be fined
8100. lt may be well to remark in this
connection, by way oi a reminder, that
chemists selling any remedy whatsoever
to persons without a doctor's prescrip·
tion, are breaking the rules ol this or·
ganization and will be bo'ycotted forth·
with.

(Signed)

“MICHAEL O’BRlEN,

“SOLOMON UNTENHEIMER,

“Riding Delegates,
“Medical Union Number Six.’'

« For a moment I was mystified. I
could scarcely believe I had read cor·

6

 

