MEDICAL UNION NUMBER SIX

probably be a scourge in some partos
his district, and if perchance there were
not, we could easily produce one by
sending a case of smallpox among his
constituents. That legislator’s life

would not be worth much il he failed to
turn his sentimentsinside out, and quick,

too. But now, asto your special duties.
You are to take diseases of the chest.
Remember that means the chest only.
Above, your territory goes to the lower
border of the larynx, or if you do not
happen to know just where that is, say
the collar-bone. Below, it goes to the
diaphragm, or il the location oi that
organ is a little obscure in your mind,
just remember to the end oi the breast-
bone. This includes both iront and
back, but be careful you do not go either
above or below those boundaries.”

“The larynx is olten involved in chest
diseases‚” said Ι.

“Certainly‚''replied Dr. O'Brien. “In
that case the throat man goes also. You
see formerly, before the days of unions‚
one doctor attended both the throat and
chest, and received no extra pay either.
’ Now the patient has to pay for two doc·
tors. lt also happens occasionally that

17

 

