MEDICAL UNION NUMBER SIX

iunction oi a union is to make people or
employers take the poor man with the
good, and pay him the same price, too.
The day ior invidious comparisons by the
public in selecting the good doctor, and
· leaving the poor ones without employ-
ment, or on reduced pay, is past in this
country, thanks to the unions. You are
to be located in Chapter Seventeen‚ the
office of which isin One Hundred and
Twentieth Street. Your district ie
bounded north by One Hundred and

Twenty-fiith street, east by F iith Ave· η

nue, south by One Hundred and Fii-
teenth Street and west by Seventh Ave·
nue. You are six hours on duty and
eighteen hours off.''

⁴¹ If I should be in a critical case when
the time ior leaving came around,” I
said, “I suppose I could stay and see it
through. My conscience wouldecarcely
allow me to leave a patient under such
circumstancen” ⁴

“My dear iellow,” said Dr. O’Brien‚
“if one thing more than another is a .
handicap to progress, it is that con-
science you talk about, but, thank
Heaven, it is getting to be a scarce
article in this country. We are six·

19

 

